Here we have an object called "chameleon" as well as a function called "whoThis".
You can see how both of them utilizes "this" keyword in their functions.
We've got "this" over here as well as the method "lookAround" utilizing "this" over here.
Let's go ahead and invoke "lookAround" as well as the "whoThis" function,
and then kind of check out what the value of "this" refers to.
First, we'll focus on a "lookAround" method then come back to "whoThis" later.
Now, before we invoke "lookAround" on "chameleon",
let's go ahead and add a debugger in their.
Now, let's go ahead and invoke the "lookAround" method on "chameleon".
We're inside "lookAround" method on this line over here, line four.
Let's go ahead and check out what this is.
So, you can see that "this" is an object with a couple of properties
including eyes and "lookAround" which points to a function.
So, what it looks like is that when a method is invoked on an object,
"this" turns out to be the object itself on which the method was called.
Great. Now, let's go ahead and check out the other example from earlier.
Here is the "whoThis" function again,
but before we call it,
let's go ahead and throw a debugger in there as well.
And now, if we call it, again,
we stop execution on this line of code,
line two, over here,
but check out what this is.
Turns out to be the window object.
It's quite a long list. There's actually quite a few properties on this window object.
But if we scroll down,
you can see that the "whoThis" function is actually defined
right on this window object as a property. So, that's pretty neat.